so when I had my podcast the
entrepreneurs and coffee podcast one of
my favorite things to do was to do
Friday QA where people would leave me
voicemails and I could answer them on
the podcast and I want to start doing
that again but here on the blog so if
you have a question about any of this
stuff any of these things here here's
what I want you to do I want you to
leave it in the comments below and I'll
answer it in the next vlog will kind of
do a cool QA anyway I can help you any
way I can give some value back some more
value back to everybody who's watching
I'd love to be able to do that till next
time I've been broke there's still
there's still a few more things that we
could talk about mm-hmm try that again
I've been Brendon Huffer don't forget to
work hard try to try not to get too lost
making something that matters